Hello friends Gurneet Singh, today's
product on this side is a very fantastic
product.  As you know, today the
ratio of death due to accidents in India
is very high and in the death rate of people below 60 years of age,
80% is due to
accidental deaths.  So the government is also paying a lot of
attention to making
rules for road safety, getting everything done
and for this, it is also being observed
by the government that
after an accident, the
financial condition of the family becomes very bad.
Because the people who ride bikes, the
younger generation people, the
laborers, they are getting affected more by accidental deaths.
So keeping that in mind, the
government had told all the insurance
companies to launch
accidental insurance at a lower premium.
So some companies have
taken initiative in this.  From which ICC LBAD has
also taken.  ICIC LBRD has a
product called Family Shield.  That is a very good
product.  All the people you know
who come to you as painters, carpenters
or someone is working on your house.  You
can pursue this with him also.
Please tell them.  Or you are doing some kind of social welfare
and the specialty of this product is
that if someone dies due to an accident, you get a cover of only ₹ lakh and the
cover of ₹ lakh is only around ₹ 000.
Because it is according to age, let me
tell you a little average.
This is a premium bed priced at ₹3000.  ₹ lakh is definitely received in case of accidental
death.  Also,
if there is no death but total disability occurs.
Suppose there is no death
but both hands and both legs are cut, then
in that case the company still gives Rs 25 lakh.
And if the disability is half, or
partial disability, then in that case
₹1.5 lakh is given.  And
in case of death or total disability due to accident, Rs. 1 lakh is
also given for the education of children.  If there is an
accident and hospitalization is required, the
company also bears the hospitalization expenses up to Rs 1 lakh.   If
you get bitten by a venom, a dog bite, or any kind of rabies
injection, the
company also pays the bill of up to ₹000.  There
are many other small benefits along with this.  are
included in this product.  You should
meet and talk to your financial consultant.
Anyone can buy this product.  It is not that
it is only for the labour class or
anyone can take it.  In this,
sum assured up to 20 times the income is available.   The
determination is made accordingly.  You
met your advisor.  You
can also contact me for more information.  My number is
given below.